yeah yeah I'm remembering my mother
chicken curry welcome to YouTube my name
is her pulsing Sookie and axing and cook
we are cooking mother's recipe
something which we all cherish right
when we were children we would love to
sit besides a mother and then kind of
look at what she was doing
and this is something which is very
close to my heart very personal I miss
that taste of course I'm trying to
replicate that in YouTube just for you
so what do we require first of all my
mother used to you know grind spices
that were whole and them used in the
recipe so I've got some coriander here
around two large tablespoons of
coriander 1 tablespoon of cumin into
this okay she would use black cardamom
so you get a nice flavor this is very
flavorful so I'm just adding four of
them some bay leaf into this - three bay
leaf okay she would definitely add
peppercorn peppercorn to this cinnamon
round two to three pieces not bigger
than this size and let's dry roast this
for some time this is something which
she would really do you know all the
spices she would roast and then grind it
very passionately she would cook this
curry and the flavors I still can't
forget them so what I'm doing here nice
spices all of them whole I'm like dry
roasting them I don't want them to be
colored but just get that nice flavor
out so this should not take more than 30
to 40 seconds do not roast it on a high
flame or anything on a high kind of you
know burner or something like that so
this should not be colored flavors are
nice now what I'm going to do is grind
this up what up your full blender here
so let me just grind them
all the dry spices and that's the beauty
of this correct all the spices into the
correct beautiful this remember our
parents who very dearly thought all this
and used to passionately cook food for
us especially in India I'm sure you will
all agree this yeah anywhere in the
world actually some time or the other
parents must have done something good
feed us nice food and this is what I am
sharing with you so let me
this is my scent powdery all flavors
fresh I'll not unlock it because I want
all the flavors to be absolutely intact
next quickly light this burner up let me
pour some oil some generous helping of
oil actually 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil
in this she would definitely use a lot
of oil and let the oil get heated up the
meanwhile let me slice up some onions
quickly quickly because the oil is
heating up you know so onions sliced
absolutely finally and this into the oil
oil is hot let me slice another one and
slice 3 to 4 onions for chicken curry
so making like a kilo of chicken at
least 4 onions are required onions here
fast and quick that's what I am going
and thanks to this knife all the onions
into this some are getting ground some
are just added now to get a great flavor
here so let me give a quick stir to this
now something which I remember my mom
would never do is brown the onions
she would not brown the onions probably
because browning the onions Wow this is
making me cry the emotional quotient
yeah it's because of the onions and yes
because of my mother's recipe so she
would not actually brown the onions
because that would require too much of
oil right so she would just slice it and
add to this and cook it until it has
translucent now tomatoes she would also
not make fury of the tomatoes one
properly because I feel we were all
living in small villages during those
days you did not get anything that was
hybrid you used to get what we call is
locally available tomatoes that were
locally grown you would get that now
those tomatoes a little Tangier then
what we have now is not so sweet as
these hybrid ones that we grow now yeah
wild onions get cooked translucent my
chopping of tomatoes is also over onions
now getting lightly Brown this point
where I am going to do is add the ginger
and garlic paste she would use one
tablespoon of ginger and garlic paste
separately one tablespoon of each into
the mixture and Wow saw Phyllis
but just around 30 seconds onions and
ginger garlic cooktop what we'll do is
add the tomatoes into this no puring of
tomatoes that's important because one
when you puree Tomatoes I feel you don't
get a bright red color
so don't Kure tomatoes that's what my
mother also never used to do and I am
also not doing it because I want to show
you something which is cooked my mother
style you know tribute to my mother here
and sharing of this recipe with all of
you beautiful so let this get cooked for
some time let's cover this up and let it
get cooked until the tomatoes are
absolutely mushy so that you get a nice
gravy in the meanwhile this is something
which we had ground all spices that we
had cooked here they're nice and course
it's not a complete powder beautiful
flavor now to this my mom used to add
ginger powder also so I'm adding half a
teaspoon of ginger powder
she used to add whole dried ginger to
the garam masala so I'm adding dried
ginger to this and mix this up close it
up because I don't want all the flavors
to you know kind of run away from this
beautiful blend of spices that happen it
let it be here meanwhile let's look at
the tomatoes let them get mushy let them
get cooked for some time let us now
check tomatoes are nice and mushy now
it's almost you read here and you get a
great taste when you use tomatoes like
this so now what we will do is add the
rest of things add some chili powder she
would add a teaspoon of chili powder two
types of chilies go on inside now the
black pepper and red chili now we have
some turmeric 1/2 teaspoon of turmeric
salt
to taste salt inside what some cream
Chili's also she would add green chilies
but chop it up just like this in a large
way green chilies inside this and let's
saute this up beautiful what I'm going
to do is now going to add the chicken to
this so let me cook the chicken together
no water just cook the chicken together
with all the onions tomatoes and spices
chicken let it get cooked meanwhile I've
got some coriander my mother definitely
would add a lot of coriander lots of
coriander let's chop this up and keep it
aside while the chicken gets cooked here
is coriander check the chicken getting
cooked beautifully now we'll do is we'll
add all these spices that I've grown so
all spices here the little coarse but
that's what the flavor is
that's a beautiful flavor of the garam
masala coriander cumin pepper everything
and in goes the dry spice here Wow all
of it inside the curry that's what she
used to do grind only that much of
spices that are required for the dish so
that everything stays the fresh if you
were to do this curry in your house do
follow the way I am doing here now
beautiful suddenly this lot of flavors
that have erupted from the chicken curry
we cook for another 4 to 5 minutes
before I add water to make a curry so
let this get cooked for 4 to 5 minutes
becomes nice and good because the
chicken would also leave its own juices
and then we'll add water as required to
make a curry which is not very thin but
not very thick also so let the chicken
get cooked
Wow divine flavors I must tell you and
after sorting just become too good you
can just eat it like this
but I am making my mother's chicken
curry so to this at least 3 cups of
water let's bring this to a boil now
beautiful
now this chicken curry you see is not a
very clean clean dish it's nice and
coarse you see these spices they still
course the onions are like whole and the
tomatoes also like they got massive but
most of the ingredients are really not
in a fine texture form that's because
during my mother's days we never used to
have a blender chop word they would
grind everything in a stone you know so
that's why most of the things used to be
coarse so let's cook this curry now and
bring it to a boil till the time the
chicken also gets cooked curry gets nice
and beautiful chicken curry is now
cooked for around 10 minutes so let me
give a stir Wow as you open the lid what
flavors and what flavors I remember my
mother beautiful play spices course
curry reminding me of my childhood days
finally some coriander into this lots of
it because she would love to add
coriander and that's because it also
gives a nice fresh flavor to the curry
beautiful Wow I am amazed at the way
this chicken curry has come out let me
just have a quick taste
I tell you I've gone back to my
childhood days same taste same play was
just too good to try it in your houses
let me know if you have remembered your
days childhood days chicken curry a
mother style just for you